this is a human downslice in 2000 times
because of the risk of a world
population explosion people with a
height of 10 centimeters will eat less
and take up less space they can become
rich immediately paul and his wife are
middle aged but still poor they decided
to go small people who want to shrink
need to shave off all the hair on their
bodies not to leave even a little
preparing is done paul and the others
were pushed into the dental office to
have their teeth extracted everything is
done they are put in place to zoom out
the door is closed the machine is
started with just one sleep paul can
throw away the present life to enjoy the
rich life there was a sound the
miniaturization was completed the nurses
pushed a small car inside and shoveled
people with only 10 centimeters into
mini beds they bring many people into
the place of two worlds of intercourse
the people who receive them are the
nurses who have been scaled down before
the nurse measured and planted paul's
teeth minimization is complete the nurse
brought in a cookie frightened paul it
turned out to be just an ordinary cookie
the usual cookie is now enough for paul
to eat for months at this point paul
remembered that his wife was not out yet
then he received a call from his wife
she said that after shaving her hair she
was scared she felt she couldn't leave
her parents and friends so she gave up
on miniaturization she's at the airport
getting ready to go home paul finished
listening extremely angry he wanted to
give his wife a better life so he
decided to go small yet she left him in
the middle of their way two people
quarreled fiercely pulse wife
disconnected first but life must go on
paul is being introduced into the world
of miniature humans by his instructor
the whole world of people is covered by
a transparent canvas in addition to
blocking uv rays it can also prevent
intimidation of animals to entering life
is extremely leisurely and peaceful
since the miniature people all use their
real identities the crime rate here is
almost zero what an ideal world the
guide brought paul to the front of a
mansion it was very magnificent it was
something that paul never dared to dream
of before seeing the things for the two
prepared in advance paul felt extremely
uncomfortable the delivery man carried
to extremely large metal rings that is
the wedding ring of paul and his wife
then paul received a divorce petition
sent by his wife anyway a 10 centimeters
person with the 1m6 person can't be
together because the property was
divided in two paul had to move from the
mansion to a small apartment building
paul found a job as a client consultant
the day paul bought a flower of normal
size he is chasing a single woman but it
seems the two were not very well suited
paul walked away in anger he went to
join a party with a neighbor named
dustin paul remembered the recent bad
luck he's drunk the next day he woke up
dustin told paul that opportunities were
available everywhere for example an
ordinary cigar can make 2 000 cigarettes
in this miniature city wines are also
extremely profitable paul seemed to
understand the problem paul was
attracted by a laborer named land with a
disability in her legs before being
downsizing paul was a therapist he
actively offered to help her correct her
prosthetic leg to alleviate the pain but
she doesn't want that she wants paul to
accompany her to help her friend who is
seriously ill the two get in the car to
go after exchanging three rides they
finally reached the border of the
miniature city he saw a canvas covering
the world with a small hole punched out
on the other side of the canvas is a
hamlet for the poor it turns out that
even in the miniature world there are
people in need hall reached land's place
the woman's situation in bed was not
very good paul was only able to give her
a few painkillers to temporarily relieve
her pain when paul fixed land's
prosthetic leg she said that because she
was involved in politics she was
arrested and then forced to downsize
after that when she tried to escape she
lost one leg hearing that he was so
impressed with her strength that he
accidentally broke her prosthetic leg
after that paul was forced to stay there
as land's assistant he also has to go to
the shops to pack the leftovers and
bring them back to the salon for those
living alone a few days later dustin
wanted to get paul out of there so he
actively invited everyone to travel a
group of people boarded a boat together
to go to norway they even rented a boat
to carry wine and sausages along the way
they meet the person who invented the
technique of miniaturization it turned
out that 10 years ago scientists
predicted that the future of humanity
would face the problem of digital
explosion resource exhaustion
so they invented the technique of
miniaturization however over a decade
has passed the population of the world
has decreased by only one-third surely
in a few hundred years man will perish
during this journey paul also massaged
land's legs at this point they have
reached a place where many people gather
in norway at the right time people here
are working on a secret project because
to avoid the apocalypse the doctor led
the natives to dig a 1.6 kilometers long
tunnel the whole tunnel is surrounded by
an extremely strong alloy on the other
end of the tunnel is full of plants and
animals it is like an underground boat
they plan to settle here for 8 000 years
until the earth stabilizes tomorrow is
the day they move out this dinner is
doctor's last encouragement to everyone
seeing everyone's enthusiasm and
excitement paul felt something in his
heart paul wants to join lying with them
to save the world but land thinks that
humanity will perish is also a matter of
a few hundred years later it has nothing
to do with the two of them but paul
recalls his failed life and stubbornly
thinks this is the only thing he can do
the next day everyone said goodbye to
the sun for the last time and together
went into the tunnel paul also entered
with the luggage then he discovered that
the tunnel was going up the person next
to paul told him that to prevent the
flood it only takes 11 hours to climb to
the underground city paul watched the
group of people move away suddenly
feeling confused leaving his world once
more can really change his life at the
last moment paul changed his mind he
rushed towards the exit paul ran towards
landon said sorry to her perhaps he was
destined to be someone who couldn't do
great things at the end of the movie
paul and land go back to the slums they
began to care for and help people with
difficult lives in their mini world in
fact science fiction is just the outer
sticker of the movie the film's
implication is the danger of middle-aged
people originally paul wanted through
miniaturization to change his life but
unexpectedly life would become even more
miserable then he saw that not every
person beside him lived a more valuable
life than himself even the disabled
woman living in the hamster neighborhood
radiated more fighting spirit and energy
than anyone it is not necessary to do
something great but to truly see your
potential respecting the present and
accepting your normalcy are the right
things because what is miniaturized is
just your appearance not your life
today's movie is over
you